{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12080\viewh12740\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Happathon Research Plan\
May - July 2013
\b0 \
\

\b Generative User Research \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Utilize a generative research approach to provide empirical input into the development of user segment profiles, user scenarios, sample visualizations, and other foundational artifacts for the Happathon project.
\b \
\
Stakeholder Interviews (May)\

\b0 Conduct stakeholder interviews to understand the mindsets, attitudes, behaviors, painpoints and goals of the users of the Happathon Survey app. Stakeholders will include both Happathon committee members, and members of the general user population. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Participants (12 to 16)
\i0 \
Specific Happathon committee members will include:\
-Kat: ilumivu\
-Mary: Microsoft user research\
-Peggy: positive psychology; U. Penn; happiness data\
-Alexis: committee\
-data scientists\
-Jason Sroka\
-Neil Lathia\
-John Havens\
-Adam Laughlin\
\

\i Non-Committee members
\i0 \
A geographically and demographically balanced selection of 8-10 individuals from the user population, from all regions in the US.\
\

\i Sample research questions
\i0 \
How does he/she use the app? In what contexts? How often?\
When, or at what time(s) of day does he/she think about using a service of this kind?\
What are the user's expectations for the app (both short-term and long-term)?\
What specific motivations did the user have for trying the app?\
How did user find out about the app?\
For committee members, why did the individual decide to work on the project?\
\

\i Deliverable\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 -Overview of key learnings from research. \
-Full research findings and recommendations report.\
-Identification of potential segments or models of audience segments. \
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Personas, User Scenarios (June)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Based on the user interviews conducted in May, develop a segmentation model of audiences of the Happathon app, including mindset, attitudes, behaviors, goals, pain points, and other key characteristics. Using the segments as a foundation, develop a set of 3-5 scenarios for use of the app, including potentially useful visualizations, interactions or feedback.\
\
Begin outreach to the resident users of the Somerville population so that they may serve as a pilot population and sample to test the user segment model, personas, and scenarios.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Deliverable
\i0 \
-Detailed user/audience segmentation\
-User scenarios\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Sample Visualizations (July)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Develop a set of sample visualizations for each of the user segments and scenarios. These visualizations will become the basis for Hackathon development, and will serve as examples of ways to leverage the data generated by the app. The scenarios and visualizations will also serve as the building blocks for iteratively user testing the Happathon App over the course of the next year, in preparation for the wider launch in March 2014. \
\
Once visualizations are developed, conduct usability testing with a sample of residents from Somerville, as well as the participants of the initial study in May to validate, refine, and enhance the visualizations, and make the app most useful and relevant for the audience.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Deliverable
\i0 \
-User scenario visualizations\
}